Back in the AWS Console, let's navigate to the Simple Email Service.
You can also find this in the Services drop‑down. From here, we'll
need to verify some email addresses so we can send and receive
email using the Simple Email Service.
So let's click Verify a New Email Address and then
enter in some email addresses.
Now we're going to need to do more than one email verification here.
Now, that's because we can't send and receive email from the same
email, because that'll start to look weird to our email provider, like
we're faking a letter to ourselves, basically.
So in order to get around this,
I've included a few different email addresses that I'll be
verifying inside of the sparrow.py file.
Now, in order to get around this,
I've included a few different email addresses, inside of the
cuckoo.py file, that I'll be verifying.
So if I scroll down,
you'll see that there's a FROM_ADDRESS and a REPLY_TO_ADDRESS. Now,
this address is going to need to be the same.
So whatever you use for this address,
make sure it's one that you can access because you'll need to check it
for a verification email from SES. So I'm going to go back with this
email address and paste that in here into SES and click Verify This
Email Address. And then it's going to send me an email, and it'll say
pending verification until I log into that email address and click the
Verify link.
Now I'll also need to send a verification email to a few other addresses,
specifically the ones for my clients.
In this case, I just have one client,
which is me, to a Yahoo address that I just created.
And then I also have an employee of Springfield Homer at yahoo.com.
Now, Homer Simpson is going to be taking care of my puppy,
so I hope he does well. So I'll need to verify both of these email addresses.
Let's go back and click Verify a New Email Address, paste one of
these email addresses in, and then go back again and grab
Homer's address and paste it in here.
Now make sure that every time you do this these are email addresses that
you control and you can access. So over in Homer's email,
we can open up the email I just received to verify this address to be
able to receive messages from SES, and I can scroll down and click on
this link for the verification. Now, once I see this,
I should be able to close this link out and then go back
to the SES Management Console here.
Now,
I'm going to refresh this page, and you'll see that
springfield.homer is now verified.
Keep in mind that you can't use these email addresses, as these are mine,
and I have control over them, and you'll need to use your own email addresses
and verify them in your own AWS account. Also, then make sure that you update
those in the cuckoo.py file. So I'm going to do the exact same thing with the
other two emails without making you wait.
So now that I've verified all these addresses, I should be able to start testing code locally.